We received a report
from San Francisco, California,
in the United States,
where publishers have been engaged
in special metropolitan witnessing
since 2013.
It’s helping our brothers
reach multiple language groups,
start Bible studies,
and make disciples.
When I’m rolling the carts down
to get ready for the work,
I can feel people’s eyes on me
and it makes me feel proud
that I’m representing Jehovah
even before I get to the location.
We have a chance
to use our Bibles very regularly.
We talk to honesthearted people
who are interested
in really learning
what the Bible teaches.
Jehovah is reaching people
in those hard-to-reach areas
where it could mean their life
to even talk about things
such as the Bible.
When you’re part
of the metropolitan work,
you get to welcome people
being drawn by Jehovah.
We see thousands of people
every day who walk by our carts.
While we’re placing literature
in up to 40 different languages each week,
what’s really exciting is to see
how many conversations we’re starting
and how many Bible studies
we’re initiating.
We’re visible to a lot of people
in the community,
especially those who were inactive
or maybe were raised around the truth.
Jehovah has arranged
to have his people
put right in the center
of everything,
and we’re able to meet people
from all over the world.
I’ve met people from Peru, South Africa,
Japan, Germany, England.
France, Italy,
Cameroon, Congo.
Beaucoup!
In Shona, a greeting
would be something like . . .
. . . , which means
“Would you like to study the Bible?”
. . . , which means “Would you like
to study the Bible?” in sign language.
So when I asked her if she had seen
the sign-language Bible,
she shook her head no,
and I showed her Acts 17:27.
And as soon as it was done,
she started signing, “I understood that!”
And then she said,
“Didn’t you say this was a free app?”
So, right then,
she started downloading it on her phone.
We had a gentleman come up
and wanted to . . .
First, he said, “debate,”
and then he said, “just discuss.”
But as he was talking with us,
he had to catch his train
but he missed three trains
because he wanted to continue
the conversation and speak with us.
It’s a really good experience
because we just get to talk to people
and let them see
a different side of us.
It’s not necessarily about whether
we placed a book with him or not.
And in the end, he turned
to my husband and I
and said, “You know, you’re
really good ambassadors.”
We start Bible studies
here every day,
and these studies
are conducted globally.
I met Alfredo in 2014,
right before the Memorial.
He approached the cart.
He had a rough life.
He was doing a lot of bad things,
and so he felt
that he couldn’t overcome them.
So I told him that no matter
how big his problems are,
they’re not too big
for Jehovah,
and so I encouraged him
to start studying the Bible again.
“Come, now,
and let us set matters straight
between us,” says Jehovah.
“Though your sins are like scarlet,
they will be made as white as snow.”
When Jehovah forgives you,
he forgives you completely.
I got baptized,
and in the same month,
I started auxiliary pioneering.
It is such a privilege to be
one of Jehovah’s Witnesses,
with brothers
all around the world.
If anybody is hesitant
to take part
in the special metropolitan
witnessing work,
maybe you’re worried
about finances, time,
or you’re just afraid
that it’s something different
and you won’t know
what to do,
please don’t let
any of those things stop you.
It’s from Jehovah.
Grab hold of it tight,
and don’t let go!
Each month,
the brothers and sisters
in San Francisco’s
metropolitan witnessing
distribute
over 5,000 publications
and start an average
of 185 Bible studies.
After some initial concern
from local authorities
over having literature carts
at the Golden Gate Bridge,
authorities have expressed appreciation
for our brothers being there
with the Bible’s message of hope.
It’s been requested
that we always have on hand
the April 2014 Awake!
with the cover title
“Why Go On?
—Three Reasons to Keep Living.”
One afternoon an officer
approached a cart and said,
“Well, your magazine worked!”
The police had just helped
a young woman
who was thinking
of jumping from the bridge.
When they reached her,
she had the Awake! issue in her hand
and had decided not to jump.
Life in this system
can be difficult for everyone,
but our witnessing work
comforts people
and teaches them to know
and thank their Creator for life.